---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_dns_zone Data Source - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_dns_zone (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "menandmice_dns_zone" "zone1" {
  name   = "zone1.net."
  server = "micetro.example.net."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Fully qualified name of DNS zone, ending with the trailing dot '.'.
- `server` (String) Fully qualified name of the DNS server where the record is stored, ending with the trailing dot '.'.

### Optional

- `dnssec_signed` (Boolean) If DNS signing is enabled.
- `view` (String) Name of the view this DNS zone is in.

### Read-Only

- `ad_integrated` (Boolean) If the DNS zone is AD integrated.
- `adintegrated` (Boolean, Deprecated) If the DNS zone is AD integrated.
- `authority` (String) The authoritative DNS server for this zone.
- `created` (String) Date when zone was created in Micetro.
- `customp_properties` (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this DNS zone.
- `display_name` (String) A display name to distinguish the zone from other, identically named zone instances.
- `displayname` (String, Deprecated) A display name to distinguish the zone from other, identically named zone instances.
- `dns_view_ref` (String, Deprecated) Interal references to views.
- `dns_view_refs` (Set of String, Deprecated) Interal references to views. Only used with Active Directory.
- `dnssecsigned` (Boolean, Deprecated) If DNS signing is enabled.
- `dnsviewref` (String, Deprecated) Interal references to views.
- `dnsviewrefs` (Set of String, Deprecated) Interal references to views. Only used with Active Directory.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) If the DNS zone is dynamic.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kskids` (String) A comma-separated string of IDs of KSKs. Starting with active keys, then inactive keys in parenthesis.
- `lastmodified` (String) Date when zone was last modified in Micetro.
- `ref` (String) Internal references to this DNS zone.
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS zone. Example: Master, Slave, Hint, Stub, Forward.
- `zskids` (String) A comma-separated string of IDs of ZSKs. Starting with active keys, then inactive keys in parenthesis.


