---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_ipam_record Data Source - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_ipam_record (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    menandmice = {
      # uncomment for terraform 0.13 and higher
      version = "~> 0.2",
      source  = "local/menandmice",
    }
  }
}
data "menandmice_ipam_record" "ipam1" {
  address = "192.168.2.2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IP address.

### Read-Only

- `claimed` (Boolean) If the IP address is claimed.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this IP address.
- `device` (String) The device associated with the object.
- `discovery_type` (String) The discovery method of the IP address. Example: None, Ping, ARP, Lease, Custom.
- `extraneous_ptr` (Boolean) 'True' if there are extraneous PTR records for the object.
- `hold_info` (List of Object) Contains information about who holds the otherwise free IP, and for how long. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hold_info))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `interface` (String) The interface associated with the object.
- `last_discovery_date` (String) The date when the system last performed IP address discovery for this IP address.
- `last_known_client_identifier` (String) The last known MAC address associated with the IP address discovery information.
- `last_seen_date` (String) The date when the address was last seen during IP address discovery.
- `ptr_status` (String) PTR record status. Example: Unknown, OK, Verify.
- `ref` (String) Internal reference for the IP address.
- `state` (String) The state of the IP address. Example: Free, Assigned, Claimed, Pending, Held.
- `usage` (Number) IP address usage bitmask.

<a id="nestedatt--hold_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hold_info`

Read-Only:

- `expiry_time` (String)
- `username` (String)


