---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_range Data Source - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_range (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "menandmice_range" "rang" {
  name = "0.0.0.0/0"
}

output "range" {
  value = data.menandmice_range.rang
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The CIDR of the range, or from-to address range.

### Read-Only

- `ad_site_display_name` (String) The display name of the AD site to which the range belongs.
- `ad_site_ref` (String) Internal reference of the AD site to which the the range belongs.
- `auto_assign` (Boolean) Determines if it should be possible to automatically assign IP addresses from the range.
- `child_ranges` (List of Object) An list of child ranges of the range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--child_ranges))
- `cloud_network_ref` (String) A internal reference to its cloud network
- `created` (String) DDate when zone was created in Micetro.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this range. You can only assign properties that are already defined in Micetro.
- `description` (String) Description of the range
- `from` (String) The starting IP address of the range.
- `has_monitor` (Boolean) Determines if a discovery schedule has been set for the range.
- `has_rogue_addresses` (Boolean) Set to true to create a container instead of a range.
- `has_schedule` (Boolean) Determines if a discovery schedule has been set for the range.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inherit_access` (Boolean) If this range should inherit its access bits from its parent range.
- `is_container` (Boolean) Set to true to create a container instead of a range.
- `lastmodified` (String) Date when zone was last modified in Micetro.
- `locked` (Boolean) Determines if the range is locked.
- `parent_ref` (String) A reference to the range that contains the subranges
- `ref` (String) Internal references to this range.
- `subnet` (Boolean) Determines if the range is defined as a subnet.
- `title` (String) The title of the Range
- `to` (String) The ending IP address of the range.
- `utilization_percentage` (Number) Utilization percentage for range.

<a id="nestedatt--child_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `child_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `ref` (String)


