---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_dhcp_reservation Resource - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_dhcp_reservation (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource menandmice_dhcp_reservation reservation2 {
  owner = "mandm.example.net."
  name    = "test5"
  client_identifier = "44:55:66:77:88:01"
  servername = "testname"
  next_server = "server1"
  reservation_method = "ClientIdentifier"
  # description = "test description" # only valid for some dhcp servers
  addresses = ["192.168.2.10"]
  ddns_hostname = "test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **addresses** (List of String) A list of zero or more IP addresses used for the reservation.
- **client_identifier** (String) The client_identifier of this reservation.
- **name** (String) The name of DHCP reservation you want to query
- **owner** (String) DHCP group scope or server where this reservation is made.

### Optional

- **ddns_hostname** (String) Dynamic DNS host name for reservation. Only applicable for ISC DHCP servers.
- **description** (String) Description for the reservation. Only applicable for MS DHCP servers.
- **filename** (String) The filename DHCP option. Only applicable for ISC DHCP servers.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **next_server** (String) The next-server ISC DHCP option. Only applicable for ISC DHCP servers.
- **reservation_method** (String) DHCP reservation method, For example: HardwareAddress , ClientIdentifier. Default: HardwareAddress.
- **servername** (String) The server-name DHCP option. Only applicable for ISC DHCP servers.
- **type** (String) The type of this DHCP reservation. For example: DHCP , BOOTP , BOTH.

### Read-Only

- **owner_ref** (String) Internal refference to the DHCP group scope or server where this reservation is made.
- **ref** (String) Internal reference to this DHCP reservation


