---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_dns_zone Resource - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_dns_zone (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "menandmice_dns_zone" "zone2" {
  name              = "zone2.net."
  authority         = "micetro.example.net."
  adintegrated      = false
  custom_properties = { "place" = "city", "owner" = "me" }

  view         = ""       # default ""
  type         = "Master" # default "Master"
  dnssecsigned = false    # default false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authority` (String) The authoritative DNS server for this zone. Requires FQDN with the trailing dot '.'.
- `name` (String) Fully qualified name of DNS zone, ending with the trailing dot '.'.

### Optional

- `ad_integrated` (Boolean) If the DNS zone is AD integrated. (Default: False)
- `ad_partition` (String) The AD partition if the zone is AD integrated.
- `ad_replication_type` (String) Replication type if the zone is AD integrated.
- `adintegrated` (Boolean, Deprecated) If the DNS zone is AD integrated. (Default: False)
- `adpartition` (String, Deprecated) The AD partition if the zone is AD integrated.
- `adreplicationtype` (String, Deprecated) Replication type if the zone is AD integrated.
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this DNS zone.
- `dnssec_signed` (Boolean)
- `dnssecsigned` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `kskids` (String) A comma-separated string of IDs of KSKs. Starting with active keys, then inactive keys in parenthesis.
- `masters` (List of String) List of IP addresses of all master zones, for slave zones.
- `type` (String) The type of the DNS zone. Example: Master, Slave, Hint, Stub, Forward. (Default: Master)
- `view` (String) Name of the view this DNS zone is in.
- `zskids` (String) A comma-separated string of IDs of ZSKs. Starting with active keys, then inactive keys in parenthesis.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) DDate when zone was created in Micetro.
- `display_name` (String) A display name to distinguish the zone from other, identically named zone instances.
- `displayname` (String, Deprecated) A display name to distinguish the zone from other, identically named zone instances.
- `dns_view_ref` (String) Interal references to views.
- `dns_view_refs` (Set of String) Interal references to views. Only used with Active Directory.
- `dnsviewref` (String, Deprecated) Interal references to views.
- `dnsviewrefs` (Set of String, Deprecated) Interal references to views. Only used with Active Directory.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) If the DNS zone is dynamic. (Default: False)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lastmodified` (String) Date when zone was last modified in Micetro.
- `ref` (String) Internal references to this DNS zone.


