---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_ipam_record Resource - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  menandmice_ipam_record IP address managment
---

# menandmice_ipam_record (Resource)

`menandmice_ipam_record` IP address managment

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    menandmice = {
      # uncomment for terraform 0.13 and higher
      version = "~> 0.2",
      source  = "local/menandmice",
    }
  }
}
resource menandmice_ipam_record ipam1 {
  address = "192.168.2.3"
  custom_properties = {"location":"here"}
  claimed = true
}

resource menandmice_ipam_record ipam2 {
  free_ip {
    range = "192.168.2.0/24"
    start_at = "192.168.2.50"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **address** (String) The IP address to claim
- **claimed** (Boolean) If address should be claimed. Default: true
- **custom_properties** (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this IP address. You can only assign properties that are already defined via propertie devinition
- **free_ip** (Block List, Max: 1) Find a free IP address to claim (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--free_ip))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **current_address** (String) Address currently used
- **device** (String) The device associated with the record.
- **discovery_type** (String) Way IP address use is dicoverd. For example: None, Ping, ARP, Lease, Custom.
- **extraneous_ptr** (Boolean) Contains true if there are extraneous PTR records for the record.
- **interface** (String) The interface associated with the record.
- **last_discovery_date** (String) The date when the system last performed IP address discovery for this IP address.
- **last_known_client_identifier** (String) The MAC address associated with the IP address discovery info.
- **last_seen_date** (String) The date when the address was last seen during IP address discovery.
- **ptr_status** (String) PTR record status. For example: Unknown, OK, Verify.
- **ref** (String) Internal reference to ipam record
- **state** (String) state of IP addres. For exampe: Free, Assigned, Claimed, Pending, Held.
- **usage** (Number) IP address usage bitmask.

<a id="nestedblock--free_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `free_ip`

Required:

- **range** (String) pick IP address from range with name

Optional:

- **exclude_dhcp** (Boolean) Exclude IP address that are Assigned via DHCP
- **ping** (Boolean) Verify ip is free with Ping
- **start_at** (String) Start searching for IP from
- **temporary_claim_time** (Number) Time in seconds to temporary claim IP address. So it won't be claimed by others, when the claim is in progess

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import with ipam ref
terraform import menandmice_ipam_record.resourcename IPAMRecords/8

# import with IP address
terraform import menandmice_ipam_record.resourcename 172.16.17.1
```
