---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "menandmice_range Resource - terraform-provider-menandmice"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# menandmice_range (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "menandmice_range" "example1" {
  cidr   = "192.168.5.0/24"
  title  = "Test Terraform example1"
  subnet = true
}

resource "menandmice_range" "example2" {
  from        = "192.168.2.0"
  to          = "192.168.2.255"
  title       = "Test Terraform example2"
  description = "Test"
  auto_assign = true
  locked      = true
}

data "menandmice_range" "super_range" {
  name = "192.168.0.0/16"
}

resource "menandmice_range" "example3" {
  free_range {
    range = data.menandmice_range.super_range.name
    mask  = 24
  }
  title       = "Test Terraform example3"
  description = "Test"
}

resource "menandmice_range" "example4" {
  free_range {
    ranges = ["10.0.16.0/24", "10.0.17.0/24"]
    size   = 100
  }
  title       = "Test Terraform example3"
  description = "Test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `title` (String) The title of the Range

### Optional

- `auto_assign` (Boolean) Determines if it should be possible to automatically assign IP addresses from the range.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR of the range
- `custom_properties` (Map of String) Map of custom properties associated with this range. You can only assign properties that are already defined in Micetro.
- `description` (String) Description of the range
- `free_range` (Block List, Max: 1) Find a free IP address to claim. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--free_range))
- `from` (String) The starting IP address of the range.
- `is_container` (Boolean) Set to true to create a container instead of a range.
- `locked` (Boolean) Determines if the range is locked.
- `subnet` (Boolean) Determines if the range is defined as a subnet.
- `to` (String) The ending IP address of the range.

### Read-Only

- `ad_site_display_name` (String) The display name of the AD site to which the range belongs.
- `ad_site_ref` (String) Internal reference of the AD site to which the the range belongs.
- `child_ranges` (List of Object) An list of child ranges of the range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--child_ranges))
- `cloud_network_ref` (String) A internal reference to its cloud network
- `created` (String) Date when range was created in Micetro in rfc3339 time format
- `has_monitor` (Boolean) Determines if a discovery schedule has been set for the range.
- `has_rogue_addresses` (Boolean) Set to true to create a container instead of a range.
- `has_schedule` (Boolean) Determines if a discovery schedule has been set for the range.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inherit_access` (Boolean) If this range should inherit its access bits from its parent range.
- `lastmodified` (String) Date when range was last modified in Micetro rfc3339 time format
- `name` (String) The CIDR of the range, or from-to address range.
- `parent_ref` (String) A reference to the range that contains the subranges
- `ref` (String) Internal references to this range.
- `utilization_percentage` (Number) Utilization percentage for range.

<a id="nestedblock--free_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `free_range`

Optional:

- `ignore_subnet_flag` (Boolean) Exclude IP addresses that are assigned via DHCP
- `mask` (Number) The minimum size of the address blocks, specified as a subnet mask.
- `range` (String) Pick available address range from inside range with name
- `ranges` (List of String) Pick available address range from inside of one of these ranges
- `size` (Number) The minimum size of the address blocks, specified as the number of addresses
- `start_at` (String) Start searching for range from
- `temporary_claim_time` (Number) Time in seconds to temporarily claim address block, so it isn't claimed by others while the claim is in progess.


<a id="nestedatt--child_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `child_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `ref` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import with range ref
terraform import menandmice_range.resourcename Range/0

# import with readable name
terraform import menandmice_range.range1 192.168.2.0/24
# or
terraform import menandmice_range.range1 192.168.2.0-192.168.2.254
```
